One difficulty I have noticed is that when reading a book, article, or other documentation, has to do with expectations. I
usually have a formed goal or hope of what I expect to find, but more often than not, the material is not presented in a way
that targets that goal. This is fairly obvious once brought up since the author will invariably have different goals then
myself. However, when it comes to challenging material, material where my readin comprehension is plodding and stressing, I 
generally fall into one of two traps.
  1) I find myself more easily lost in the weeds. I lose the thread of my goal and get distracted in things better addressed
  at a later time. This is more the case when I am seeking a comprehensive understanding of a given framework.
  2) I find myself barely reading, skipping words, sentences, paragraphs, chapters, and articles as soon as I think they might
  not meet the needs of my goal. This sort of filtering can be ok in some situations, but in tricky ones, it can make an
  answer or understanding completely elusive. 

Possible Solutions

  - Template what the goal or hope is. For example, if looking to get starting with a Framework, write out what you hope to do
  with it first. Then as you read through the material, try to get a high level understanding of the section. Once it is
  understood, reorganize it in terms of your template. If it meets the criteria, mark it as such; if it is an elboration of
  a concept or goes off track, mark it as such and mark what it is. Continue as needed until the template is completed, at
  which time you can then get to trying it out. If the material only addresses part of your template, then you will know it
  and be able to consult other sources before getting into the weeds.
  
  - Avoid reading technical documents like novels or other books. This might be obvious to many people, but it tripped me up
  for a long time. I want to be thorough and comprehensive in my understanding! But this is the wrong way to approach these
  kinds of things. Frameworks are big. Technology is big. You get to understanding and mastery through mini-explorations,
  small quests, and the scratching of many itches. Therefore, the more you understand your itch or what adventure you wish to
  seek (i.e. what problem you hope to solve or what you hope to do with a certain technology), the greater the likelihood
  that you can sustain your path, clarifying your vision to make it to the end. That type of goal is very personal and must
  be treated as such. No book or article or training website can ever address it exactly. If your goals are purely technical,
  then it might be a different story; I imagine these types of people's reading comprehension is outstanding for technical
  documents and resemebles the speed of reading a novel. I say imagine in the previous sentece because this is not me, and
  is therefore not the audience I write to. 

<noteToSelf> I write to people who need technology to solve a problem but may have backgrounds in other areas. People like me.
They have better soft skills, more Humanities oriented individuals. But to do things in the world, you have to have the
hard skills too. I believe many books and articles are oriented to hard skill (Sciences) oriented people that have technical mastery, 
but most likely have poorly formed soft skills (Humanities).
