Starting Point

Well understood topics are never complicated; if they seem complicated, they are not well understood. In
contrast, topics can be complex. So while a topic is complex, that doesn't mean that it is complicated.

When a complex topic needs to be explained, it can appear complicated even if the person explaining it does
not view it as being complicated. That is because a complex topic certainly requires a foundation of topics,
explanations, and lineage that gradually moves a person to an eventual explanation. If done correctly with
mastery and patience, any complex topic can be understood step by step, built on simple yet increasingly
complex understandings.

Talking In Code

A funny play on words occurred to me recently and surprised me by elucidating a truth. "When it comes to 
talking about coding (computer programming), we are talking in code." Every discipline, every science, every
field seeks to say something or do something with our world. To accomplish something, a language and framework
of the world is constructed. This allows for more precise communication because we can elevate language
and package concepts into a few words. These symbols of understanding become the code and coding of the 
world.

Not Getting Lost

The more technical the discipline, the more varied the ways to say something or something with our world.
This can lead to complication in understanding because it can focus a person's view of the world to the
differences in application and variance of tools while obstructing the similarities.

This feature complexity is routinely overcome by people gaining mastery in a various disciplines. These
people can see through the clutter and strike at the center of concepts, gaining solid understandings
and technical prowess. Many others cannot sort through it all nor see the complexity for what it is, and
are lead to conclude that this discipline is just not for them.

A Pi Shaped World

Gone are the days when one solid specialization of discipline is sufficient. Today's larger world requires
people to have at least one solid specialization and then several supporting skills (so called "T" shaped).
This is seen in technology quite easily with Full Stack Developers and Agile Teams. These positions require
one to have expansive knowledge about numerous fields. This is a far cry from the siloed approaches of the
past.

It is now even being said that "T" shaped is not enough. Instead of just one solid specialization, you
need two along with several supporting skills. This is said to be Pi shaped. If this is the case, then it
critical that the teaching of our various disciplines keep pace, allowing students to quickly comprehend
multiple skills in cross-disciplines. This requires a diminution of complication and a simple view of
complexity.
