Getting Started

- Some material is easier to get a conceptual understanding while others take more effort. I have two approaches
I like to use for the different spectrums: Overview and Notes.

- An easy way to tell whether you need an Overview read through is the speed at which you can read the material
and comprehend it. The slower, more distracted the reading, the more repetition of sentences or paragraphs, the
more you feel lost or confused, the more the need you need an Overview. If your reading comprehension speed is
closer to what it is when reading a novel, you can go straight to Notes.

Overview Method

- In this approach, you don't worry about taking an information away. It is too early to in the comprehension
process to take notes for Spaced Repetition or Deliberate Practice. 

- The goal is to get through the material, the article, the chapter, or the book once. Even if you don't remember
much about it, you have at least completed it one time and have a little familiarity with the structure and verbage.

- One trick I like to use is to copy the chapter subsections from the Table of Contents (given it is provided) or
go through the chapter and copy down each subsection heading (if provided). This gives me an idea of the structure
and what to expect as I slog my way through material that is new, terse, or difficult.

- Another trick I like is to read for word comprehension, not even sentence comprehension. In some technical writing,
many words we use every day become the jargon in a given field. This can be really confusing and lull you into a
hypnotic state of mind. You know what those words mean, but they don't mean what you think they mean (Pricess Bride).
In this situations, I slow way down and check off each word in my mind to make sure I know what it means. This
can be a good time to note any words or terms that you don't know. You don't even need to worry about defining them
yet, since it can break your flow. Just put them in a Parking Lot and come back later. This type of reading is like
mental hiking uphill. It can be exhausting but will get you through a tough section. After getting through it, you
will likely find the writing easier on the second and third time.

Notes Method

- In this approach, you are understanding what you are reading. When you create understandings (Chunks), you can
now commit these to memory via Spaced Repetition or Deliberate Practice.
